Hey, bro.
Miami, joeboy, quick study.
Nothin'.
You got me hung, Jack.  Who the fuck are you?
Good question.
No.
Sure, bro.  It's a firmware construct.
Guess so.
If you say so.  Who are you?
You gonna tell me I got a choice, boy?
You want a paradise, check Copenhagen, fringes of the university section.
There, the blue one.  Make it out?  That's an entry code for Bell Europa.  Fresh, too.
Bell'll get in here soon and read the whole damn board, change any codes they find posted.
Kids'll steal the new ones tomorrow.
Here, I'll do it for you.
Big deal.  No ICE at all.
I'm dead, Case.  Got enough time in on this Hosaka to figure that one.
It doesn't.
What bothers me is, nothin' does.
Had me this buddy in the Russian camp, Siberia, his thumb was frostbit.
Medics came by and they cut it off.  Month later he's tossin' all night.
Elroy, I said, what's eatin' you?  Goddamn thumb's itchin', he says.
So I told him, scratch it.  McCoy, he says, it's the other goddamn thumb.
Do me a favor, boy.
Yeah.
Sure.  I flatlined.  First time.
I was larkin' jacked up real high, out by the Rio heavy commerce sector.
Big biz, multinationals, government of Brazil lit up like a Christmas tree.
Just larkin' around, you know.
And then I started picking up on this one cube, maybe three levels higher up.
Jacked up there and made a pass.
White cube.
How'd I know?  Jesus.
It was the densest ICE I'd ever seen.
So what else was it?
The military down there don't have anything like that.
Anyway, I jacked out and told my computer to look it up.
It was on the Turing Registry.  AI.  Frog company owned its Rio mainframe.
Tessier, yeah.
Sure.  I was crazy.
Figured I'd try to cut it.
Hit the first strata and that's all she wrote.
My joeboy smelled the skin frying and pulled the trodes off me.
Mean shit, that ICE.
Well, that's the stuff of legend, ain't it?
Not unless you got a morbid fear of death, no.
Up, it'll be high.
Don't look much, does it?  But just you try and touch it.
Be my guest.
Knows we're here.
Back off, fast.
Jack out.
Not a whole hell of a lot.
Possible.  Sure.  If it's military.
Motive.  Real motive problem, with an AI.  Not human, see?
Nope.  I mean, it's not human.  And you can't get a handle on it.
Me, I'm not human either, but I respond like one.  See?
Well, it feels like I am, kid, but I'm really just a bunch of ROM.
It's one of them, ah, philosophical questions, I guess...
But I ain't likely to write you no poem, if you follow me.
Your AI, it just might.
But it ain't no way human.
It own itself?
That's a good one.
Like, I own your brain and what you know, but your thoughts have Swiss citizenship.  Sure.  Lotsa luck, AI.
Autonomy, that's the bugaboo, where your Al's are concerned.
My guess, Case, you're going in there to cut the hardwired shackles that keep this baby from getting any smarter.
And I can't see how you'd distinguish, say, between a move the parent company makes, and some move the Al makes on its own, so that's maybe where the confusion comes in.
See, those things, they can work real hard, buy themselves time to write cookbooks or whatever, but the minute, I mean the nanosecond that one starts figuring out ways to make itself smarter, Turing'll wipe it.
Nobody trusts those fuckers, you know that.
Every Al ever built has an electromagnetic shotgun wired to its forehead.
Hot shit, Case.  It's a slow virus.  Take six hours, estimated, to crack a military target.
Sure, unless you got a morbid fear of dying.
It's my nature.
Hey, Case.
No sooner said.
Done.  Rose Kolodny.
Checked out.
Take me a few minutes to screw their security net deep enough to get a fix.
Case?  Where you been?  I got it, but it isn't much.
A pleasure.
What you gettin' up to, boy?
I been hearin' lurid stories.
Hosaka's patched into a twin bank on your boss's boat now.
Really hoppin'.
You pull some Turing heat?
Well, that won't hold 'em long.
Plenty more where those came from.
Be up here in force.
Bet their decks are all over this grid sector like flies on shit.
And your boss, Case, he says go.
He says run it and run it now.
Lemme take that a sec, Case...
Hey, boy, I was that good when I was alive.  You ain't seen nothin'.  No hands!
You got it.
Corporate core data for Tessier-Ashpool SA, and that ICE is generated by their two friendly AI's.
On par with anything in the military sector, looks to me.
That's king hell ICE, Case, black as the grave and slick as glass.  Fry your brain soon as look at you.
We get any closer now, it'll have tracers up our ass and out both ears, be tellin' the boys in the T-A boardroom the size of your shoes and how long your dick is.
Yeah?  No shit?  You don't wanna see what that Chinese program can do?
Slot it.
Christ on a crutch, take a look at this.
Big mother.
Boy, that is one mean piece of software.
Hottest thing since sliced bread.
That goddam thing's invisible.
I just now rented twenty seconds on that little pink box, four jumps left of the T-A ICE; had a look at what we look like.  We don't.  We're not there.
Maybe, but I doubt it.
Our baby's military, though.  And new.  It just doesn't register.
If it did, we'd read as some kind of Chinese sneak attack, but nobody's twigged to us at all.
Maybe not even the folks in Straylight.
Maybe.
I checked ol' Kuang Eleven out again for you, boy.
It's real friendly, long as you're on the trigger end, jus' polite an' helpful as can be.
Speaks good English, too.
You ever hear of a slow virus before?
I did, once.  Just an idea, back then.
But that's what ol' Kuang's all about.
This ain't bore and inject, it's more like we interface with the ICE so slow, the ICE doesn't feel it.
The face of the Kuang logics kinda sleazes up to the target and mutates, so it gets to be exactly like the ICE fabric.
Then we lock on and the main programs cut in, start talking circles 'round the logics in the ICE.
We go Siamese twin on 'em before they even get restless.
Too bad, ol' dead man needs his laughs.
You tryin' to break my record, son?  You were braindead again, five seconds.
Does a bear shit in the woods?
That's the sting.  When Kuang's good and bellytight with the Tessier-Ashpool core, we're ridin' that through.
He.  He.  Watch that.  It.  I keep telling you.
Well, you got time to kill, kid.  Ol' Kuang's slow but steady.
Got your boss on hold.  He's coming through on the twin Hosaka in that boat upstairs, the one that's riding us piggy-back.  Called the Haniwa.
Get my wire?
Well, it's gettin' stickier.
Your boss wiped the bank on that other Hosaka, and damn near took ours with it.
But your pal Wintermute put me on to somethin' there before it went black.
The reason Straylight's not exactly hoppin' with Tessier-Ashpools is that they're mostly in cold sleep.
There's a law firm in London keeps track of their powers of attorney.
Has to know who's awake and exactly when.
Armitage was routing the transmissions from London to Straylight through the Hosaka on the yacht.
Incidentally, they know the old man's dead.  The law firm and T-A.He had a medical remote planted in his sternum.
Not that your girl's dart would've left a resurrection crew with much to work with.
Shellfish toxin.
But the only T-A awake in Straylight right now is Lady 3Jane Marie-France.
There's a male, couple years older, in Australia on business.
You ask me, I bet Wintermute found a way to cause that business to need this 8Jean's personal attention.  But he's on his way home, or near as matters.
The London lawyers give his Straylight ETA as 09:00:00, tonight.
We slotted the Kuang virus at 02:32:03.  It's 04:45:20.
Best estimate for Kuang penetration of the T-A core is 08:30:00.  Or a hair on either side.
I figure Wintermute's got somethin' goin' with this 3Jane, or else she's just as crazy as her old man was.
But the boy up from Melbourne'll know the score.
The Straylight security systems keep trying to go full alert, but Wintermute blocks 'em,
Don't ask me how.
Couldn't override the basic gate program to get Molly in, though.
Armitage had a record of all that on his Hosaka; Riviera must've talked 3Jane into doing it.
She's been able to fiddle entrances and exits for years.
Looks to me like one of T-A's main problems is that every family bigwig has riddled the banks with all kinds of private scams and exceptions.
Kinda like your immune system falling apart on you.
Ripe for virus.
Looks good for us, once we're past that ICE.
Boy, I think you just lost me, there.
Get what you went for?
Tough shit.  Weren't exactly asshole buddies, were you?
So Wintermute knows too.
Count on it.
Maybe that means you're gettin' smart.
Fine.
Too slick.
Thing's amazing... Shoulda had one that time in Singapore.
Did the old New Bank of Asia for a good fiftieth of what they were worth.
But that's ancient history.
This baby takes all the drudgery out of it.
Makes you wonder what a real war would be like, now.
You wish.
Wait'll you're steering that thing upstairs through black ICE.
Yeah.  I see it.  Don't know if I believe it.
Gotta hand it to you, boss, I never seen anything this funny when I was alive.
You havin' fun in the big world outside?
Bang on.  Killer virus.
You wanna tell me, maybe?
Well, boy, never mind me, I'm just dead anyway.
Hey, ol' Peter's totally apeshit, huh?
Real close.
Need you soon.
Wonderful.  I never did like to do anything simple when I could do it ass-backwards.
What kept you?
Joke, boy.  Zero time lapse for me.  Lemme see what we got here...
Right on.
Christ on a crutch, you do believe in takin' your own good time, don't you, boy?
Hot to trot.
Kuang Grade Mark Eleven is haulin' ass in nine seconds, countin', seven, six, five... four, three... two, an' kick ass-
Hey, shit, those things are the RCA Building.  You know the old RCA Building?
No, but I never cracked an Al, either.
It better.
Company!
An AI's defense system, or part of it.  If it's your pal Wintermute, he's not lookin' real friendly.
Now your best de-fense, boy, it's a good off-fense.
Hey Wilson, can't save to a write protected disk, hit a key to continue.
Hey, bro!  I'm the Dixie Flatline, best cowboy that ever punched deck.
I never woulda thought of that, which is probably why I'm dead!
